Fix Kubeconfigs example workflows page (#1899)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/api/workflows/kubeconfigs.md

## Creating a Kubeconfig

> Only a **valid and active** Rancher user can create a Kubeconfig. E.g. trying to create a Kubeconfig using `system:admin` service account will lead to an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only a **valid and active** Rancher user can create a Kubeconfig. For example, trying to create a Kubeconfig using a `system:admin` service account will lead to an error:
```
